[Applause]
we she wanted to each other kind of a
lot right I mean at backstage at things
yeah and last time was at the Paley
Center that was so much fun that was and
if I forget anybody fill in the blanks
yeah okay we paid tribute to Norman Lear
Carl Reiner Bob Newhart Carol Burnett
elite ah Lily Tomlin it was an
extraordinary group of Pete I'm eeen
it's almost like they put there were too
many of them there they should have
spaced it out a little bit you'll get to
talk to all of them or any of that I did
I spoke to all of them yes did yes see I
kind of shy away that's because I
stupidly showed up like two hours early
yeah yeah as I'm known to do I saw Carol
she was the one I mean she's my she's
the reason I'm an actress
she's fantastic I am so in love with her
and I I got to see her backstage and I
remember one time she called me and I
had no I was I was just so flabbergasted
and I couldn't I was dreaming of all the
reasons Carol Burnett would be calling
me she's gonna ask me to star in a
variety sketch show with her we're gonna
do a cop you know a buddy movie or
something I was imagining and I finally
called her back I waited a day because I
just always wanted to be on the verge of
calling Carol Burnett back I did and she
just she was recommending a dresser for
me to use when I went to Broadway with a
9 to 5 I'm so glad she called him I used
her dresser well of course yeah yeah I
had - yeah - have you ever worked with
her on a project no but I I know that
I'm going to are you sure feeling I will
because because I want it so badly she's
yeah means everything to you will well
you know what you have to do is you have
to visualize it haven't you done that I
have to do my vision board you have to
put her on your vision yes I do
uh-huh I'm gonna do that have you ever
done one that was really of course not I
have not either
I mean it's supposed to really work you
know I'll cut out a picture of Carol
Burnett and I'll cut out a picture of me
and and then I'll cut out a picture of I
I don't know what comes next
a hammer or something like that to
represent work that I'll be working
together yeah or you could just call
Carol and say would you beat it would
that be - for good I am sure you could
she's as nice as people come I really is
I bet I could what's your all-time
favorites get from The Carol Burnett
Show can you think of anything you know
I mean you know misses a Wiggins and you
know of course the you know the the
drapes the this you know from gone with
the wind yes yes all of them and just
her warmth talking to the audience when
she would do that in the beginning I
thought that's what I just loved that
about her that she would talk right you
know pick someone in the audience and
ask questions take questions for me I
don't have any questions we like we
actually met
that's it now that you mention it we met
a couple from Chicago led the cold
weather and he was a chef for a long
time and she just his wife told us that
she only cooked one meal in 32 years
what was it well because now I feel like
you're this is not how Carol would do it
no with Carol yeah the audience would
ask her questions not the other way
around
that's right that's right do you
question yes it was Coco van but it was
yes yes yes did you have a question for
Alison me see now on Carol Burnett show
the audience was more prepared they knew
this might happen any questions no okay
on what age did you start acting and
what age did you start acting oh that's
a good that's a good question
I feel like it's not I was trying to buy
myself some time because I actually have
no idea I think you just had a birthday
a big birthday right I did you guys are
just from 66 years old
tell you all the time that you don't
look anywhere close to 6 years have to
say that you don't you know what you
could tell The Carol Burnett Show is
over now
did you have a big party for your
birthday I thought about it I went I
went I started dreaming about this huge
I was gonna do studio 60 and do a huge
party in half like Chaka Khan what is
studio 60 well studio 54 but I'm 66 okay
all right
[Applause]
like the old nightclub Anil I was gonna
have the guys in red speedos run roller
skates passing I would do a full shebang
and then I saw you know the the price is
that no
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
I looked at the the bill which was the
it was so astronomical I I thought what
am i doing this is probably I'm not
probably not even remember most of it is
if I have a few martinis remember it I'm
going to spend that much money no so I
went the exact opposite direction and
had my parents my aunt and uncle just a
small family dinner and and it's that
was the perfect way to go and once I
told all my friends that we could do
extravagant things throughout the year
and one of them take Taylor my friend
who has directed me in a number of
movies gave me a parcel of land what yes
why I for my 60th we're in Mississippi
where he grew up in Mississippi and he
gave me a parcel of land so now you own
land in the Sicilian donor in
Mississippi how much land did he give
you I'm not sure I can't remember it's
not crazy I don't remember it was I
think it was a significant amount of
land will you ever visit the land I've
got a I mean I was thinking what your
friends are giving you their unwanted
really alright in the next decade you
need to get better friends is right I'm
gonna build a house on it you are I'm
gonna think about it I've never you know
never will never even you'll never come
near that land come on it's beautiful
down there really is I'm sure it is and
yet you'll never see it it's here do
movies called troop zero we'll be right
back with Allison oh there's something
special happening this year an
opportunity for all of us to be a part
of science hi hi everybody this is
doctor this bizarre facade all the way
from NASA hello hello raise your hands
if you like to think about outer space
that girls that's Alison J in which is
starting on Friday on Amazon Prime some
of your friends are in this movie people
you've worked with yeah Viola Davis and
I did the help together Jim Gaffigan and
I did away we go together they're the
funniest guys one of so funny and the
kind of grace of course played young
Tanya and I Tanya so it's nice to be
with them all together again is it more
fun when you get to do an accent like
that oh it's so great is it yeah once
you get it I mean it's like I my father
would describe it as a it's like an ice
cube and then when you get it it just it
melts through you and it's the most
fantastic thing to own an accent to just
drives my friends and family crazy
because I have chalk in all the time you
know oh you do you have to really make
it yours and I love it zero an accent
that you've tried and then you just
decided no I cannot do this I had you
know once I had to I tried to do an
Australian accent no no New Zealand
sorry New Zealand and that was very hard
I did not successfully melt that ice
cube how do you know wasn't successful
did you hear from the people of New
Zealand well the playwright was a play
playwright was New Zealand and she was
like Alison you yeah she just forget it
giving me notes and I couldn't do it but
I did if I had more time and if they
paid me more money I probably you know
it's interesting there are a few
television shows that are now on Netflix
as various streaming services and one of
them is Oh friends and the office have
become popular all over again with a new
generation and West Wing is another one
that has become
all of a sudden hearing about this all
of the time from people yeah I mean
people ask all the time you guys gonna
do a reunion yes are you going to do we
saw Aaron you should have asked Sorkin
decides whether or not you would do a
show yeah absolutely yeah
but it would be hard for him to figure
out how to use the original character I
think so too I don't think it's gonna
happen cuz like Martin Sheen could maybe
be like president of his like retirement
community or so but he's not the
president on the show anymore no I don't
think it will happen but it's nice to
think about and I think everybody wants
to think about it now because you know
was a Camelot administration on the west
wing yeah it was a was the way you you
hope that people in government and
you're saying the one now isn't it I'm
yeah well I'm gonna have to disagree
with you on that but well it's great to
see you the movie is called troop zero
it's on Amazon Prime starting Friday
Allison Janney
I am Jimmy Kimmel give back this holiday
season buy my new book the serious goose
I wrote it and illustrated it all the
money I make goes to children's
hospitals across the country so you know
what to do